I spent my last dollar getting here
while my ticket in you're talking to me
about healing through belief you're a
man looking at the world through a
keyhole you spent your whole life trying
to widen that keyhole to see more to
know more and now on hearing that it can
be widened in ways you can't imagine you
reject the possibility I reject it
because I do not believe in fairy tales
about chakras or energy or the power of
belief there is no such thing as spirit
we are made of matter and nothing more
you're just another tiny momentary speck
within in a different universe you think
too little of yourself oh you think you
see through me do you what you don't but
I see through you
[Music]
what did you do sooner me I pushed your
Astro form out of your physical form
listen that tea psilocybin LSD just tea
with a little honey